Description: Please help our restaurant build an elegant new website to showcase our Mexican cuisine!

Requirements: The top of the page should have a video background that is FIXED. As you scroll, the menu should roll over it. There should be a sticky navigation at the top to get to the different parts of the website. Under the location, it should have a Google Map with our location pinned. The website should use a responsive Bootstrap grid. On mobile, the menu columns, google map, and our story should all stack.

BONUS POINTS! With the help of your mentor, make the color of the nav change based on what section you are currently on (it uses Javascript).


/* THE MENU */

BOCADITOS

GUACAMOLE
Guacamole made to order, served with hand pressed tortillas, chips and pasilla de Oaxaca salsa.
12

CREMA DE ELOTE
Guajillo infused cream of corn, black bean relish, epazote dressing and croutons.
8

SOPA DE TORTILLA
Roasted tomato pasilla chicken broth, grilled chicken, Chihuahua cheese, avocado and crema.
9

FLAUTAS DE POLLO
Two crispy tortillas filled with shredded chicken, topped with salsa verde, pasilla de Oaxaca salsa, queso fresco and crema.
9

TOSTADAS DE CARNE
Crispy tortillas with black beans, topped with habanero spiked shredded beef, romaine lettuce, cured red onions, radishes and cream.
10

TLACOYO CON HONGOS
Black bean masa “boat”, spring peas, sautéed mushrooms, salsa verde, salsa chipotle, queso fresco and crema.
9

TACO DE PESCADO
Northern style fish taco in a corn tortilla with cabbage, smoky salsa, avocado salsa and pickled relish.
12

QUESO FUNDIDO CON CHORIZO
Oaxaca and Chihuahua cheeses baked with chorizo, with soft corn tortillas and fresh tomatillo serrano salsa (substitute chorizo with sautéed mushrooms).
13

ZARAPE DE PATO
Soft corn tortillas filled with braised duck with roasted tomato-habanero cream sauce.
12

SALPICON DE PESCADO
Chopped white fish with lime juice, onions, serrano chiles, cilantro and hand pressed corn tortillas.
12

REQUESON AL HORNO
Baked ricotta topped with tortilla crisps, red onions, serranos and cilantro.
13


SIDES

NOPALITOS
Sliced prickly pear cactus pads, teardrop tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, crispy pasilla peppers, olive oil and lime juice.
7

ESQUITES
Corn kernels cooked in a butter epazote broth, chile de arbol and queso fresco mayonnaise.
7

ESPINACA CON HONGOS
Sautéed spinach and mixed mushrooms.
7

PLATANOS FRITOS
Sweet plantains with cream and queso fresco.
9


ENSALADAS

JICAMA BOTANA
Jicama, cucumber, carrots and orange with lime juice and chile de arbol.
8

BETABELES
Roasted red and golden beets, avocados, epazote goat cheese balls, lime juice and olive oil dressing.
9

ENSALADA DE AGUACATE Y ZANAHORIAS
Avocados, roasted carrots, toasted pecans, soft goat cheese and romaine hearts drizzled with a lime mustard vinaigrette.
10

ENSALADA FONDA
Arugula, radishes and red onions tossed with a simple lemon, olive oil vinaigrette.
9

All Salads Available With: Grilled Chicken (9), Grilled Skirt Steak (10), or Grilled Jumbo Shrimp (12)
20


ENTRÉES

ENCHILADAS SUIZAS
Pulled chicken filled tortillas, creamy tomatillo sauce, baked with Chihuahua and Oaxaca cheeses.
19

ENCHILADAS DE MOLE NEGRO OAXAQUEÑO
Soft corn tortillas filled with braised chicken topped with a stone ground Oaxacan black mole, chopped onions, cream, queso fresco, cilantro and sesame seeds.
21

ENCHILADAS VEGETERIANAS
Soft corn tortillas filled with roasted eggplant, zucchini, chayote and diced potatoes, served with chopped cauliflower, cilantro, queso fresco & crema. Topped with your choice of tomatillo serrano sauce or roasted tomato habanero sauce.
19

POLLO NORTEÑO
Boneless achiote marinated chicken tossed with melted Chihuahua cheese. Served in a skillet topped with chiles serranos “toreados” and cured red onions, with warm hand pressed tortillas.
21

CARNESE ASADA CON HONGOS
Grilled skirt steak with a sweet corn mushroom sauce, served with green bean escabeche.
24

FILETE CON MOLE Y GUACAMOLE
Seared beef tenderloin medallions Oaxacan black mole, tomatillo guacamole, creamy white rice and sesame seeds.
26

COCHINITA PIBIL
Yucatan style achiote marinated slow baked pork shoulder with oregano pickled onions, with warm hand pressed tortillas.
21

PESCADO EN POZOLE VERDE
Pan seared red snapper over a spicy hominy stew with shiitake mushrooms, diced zucchini and spinach. Garnished with ground pumpkin seeds and roasted jalapeños.
22

CAMARONES ADOBADOS
Yucatan style pan seared jumbo shrimp, served over spicy creamy green rice and black bean velvet sauce.
23

CALLOS Y CAMARONES
Pan seared diver scallops and jumbo shrimp over an avocado serrano sauce topped with smoky chorizo-lemon dressing. Served with julienned apples and radishes.
25

/* LOCATION & HOURS */

Location & Hours

1 Prospect Park West
Brooklyn, NY 11215

Monday: 11-Midnight
Tuesday: 11-Midnight
Wednesday: 11-Midnight
Thursday: 11-Midnight
Friday: 11-Late
Saturday: 11-Late
Sunday: Closed

/* OUR STORY */
Celebrated chef and cookbook author Roberta Santibañez has created a rare New York restaurant: a relaxed, affordable neighborhood spot that also serves exciting contemporary Mexican cuisine. Santibañez blends care and authenticity with the creative urban flourishes that distinguish the food of her native Mexico City. At El Perro Negro in Park Slope, Brooklyn—the tortillas are hand-pressed, the guacamole is made to order, and the margaritas are thoughtfully crafted.

Her version of enchiladas in black mole, the legendary sauce made from dozens of ingredients, would impress any grandmother in Oaxaca, while modern dishes like duck zarape, braised duck tucked between tortillas lavished with habanero-spiked tomato salsa, keep jaded New Yorkers coming back for more since 2009.
              